Update starting.rst (#676)
inducer/pudb: doc/starting.rst

    $ pytest --pdbcls pudb.debugger:Debugger --pdb --capture=no

> More persistantly, it's possible to add the option to the ``adopts =`` settings in one of pytest's `configuration files <https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/reference/customize.html#configuration-file-formats>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make this persistent, it is possible to add the option to the ``adopts =`` settings in one of pytest's `configuration files <https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/reference/customize.html#configuration-file-formats>`_.
```
